" Set spellcheck language
set spelllang=en_us

" Set command abbreviations
cnoreabbrev W! w!
cnoreabbrev Q! q!
cnoreabbrev Qall! qall!
cnoreabbrev Wq wq
cnoreabbrev Wa wa
cnoreabbrev wQ wq
cnoreabbrev WQ wq
cnoreabbrev W w
cnoreabbrev Q q
cnoreabbrev Qall qall

" Set keyword abbreviations
iabbrev Flase False
iabbrev Ture True
iabbrev abrot abort
iabbrev amin main
iabbrev breka break
iabbrev calss class
iabbrev cosnt const
iabbrev exprot export
iabbrev exprots exports
iabbrev firend friend
iabbrev flase false
iabbrev fucntion function
iabbrev funciton function
iabbrev imoprt import
iabbrev imporve improve
iabbrev improt import
iabbrev incldue include
iabbrev inlcude include
iabbrev namepsace namespace
iabbrev paylaod payload
iabbrev priavte private
iabbrev pyaload payload
iabbrev retrun return
iabbrev reutrn return
iabbrev rnage range
iabbrev ture true
iabbrev vodi void
iabbrev whiel while
iabbrev yeild yield


" vim:ft=vim
